and what is the reason for stopping
approached you stop you stopped for
that those who will turn provided
proof of
spectrum and you offer an indicator
should not yet this video fixation a
must carefully
feel no need forbidden
by whom than by whom is prohibited
By the way, you can pick up a sell person.
loss man dmitry armor ask
Well, I'm sorry for something began to live righteously
trash the soul you should have taken the water that you
want to sell
I knew the miracle right in the face to me
breathe before that
lg 0139
but dance no shana I am a citizen of Ukraine
I'm just a different Ukraine
I go through watching goodbyes looking revealed
square spread treat stop all
in a row there is no contact you even name is Yang
to draw on creation to the edge just
sobs well i need to wind up what i don't
I can continue to go bychek you stop it
delay talk i talk
with this you do not get out of the car
the inspector will bring will show you clearly
need him supposedly breaking his
decent i calculate i dishonestly
look like chick decent
hence the following
then I am I do not interfere you start a conversation
Downey is obliged why do you want some
corruption actions connect bags
us let the car let go
will sit down and everything is free
but you can not go to just tell us
people up
can they invite but such
post he learn to citizens of Ukraine
generally built
usually you have to citizens not for
hands were warming some water
people go to put the gate
the public is in my opinion confuse it with
own house like this
property of the people of Ukraine
not your personal personal home they are to you
came home and came to render
practically practical help
long since you happened here
you gave us your passport
so why should i transfer them to you
competition breaks through no concrete task almost
she is 50 here she originated now she is on
the moment of the accident he asked
which implies should be immediately necessary
Immediately Russians Western Ukraine Donetsk
numbers
naturally
Yes
Mr. Kosyachok stove to cook himself on
Konstantin
there on constantin
it's illegal to do everything by
punch mobile phone
Personal Information
unprotected your channel mobile
phones ask for illegal actions
regarding do you ask
human in russia action registration
you give the order you have a rumor it was for
not nailed to write software just
so maybe let him write a statement
for no reason stop people are intimidated
and we will be ourselves we will be inside
cycles will be able to write the inspector very
now if you will not then when
somewhere here gently make your dream
ki provocation water he court and light the right
so that people see because most
drivers they do not know what will be needed 1
numbers are now hell years and there you are
watch fear there
You can see right away